# Data export

The data export feature offers you a comprehensive view of your AI agent’s daily performance by exporting detailed metrics from individual [conversation](../dashboard-guide/evaluate/conversations/) and [daily analysis](../dashboard-guide/evaluate/insights.md) in JSON format. The conversation data export provides insights into each interaction, including metrics such as the total count of AI agent messages, resolution time, and user sentiment. In the meantime, the daily analysis data export delivers a broader overview of daily performance, highlighting average resolution rates and CSAT ratings. Together, these exports enable you to effectively monitor and evaluate both specific interactions and general trends over time.

This guide explains what key data you can retrieve from your AI agent and how to export it through RESTful API calls.

***

## Platform API Authentication

A typical HTTP request to the Chat API includes the following headers for authentication:

### Headers

* `app_id` and `ai_agent_id`: Can be found in Sendbird AI agent dashboard or its URL
* Content-Type: Every request must include a `Content-Type` header.
* Api-Token: Either the master API token or a secondary API token is required for Sendbird server to [authenticate](https://sendbird.com/docs/chat/platform-api/v3/prepare-to-use-api) your API requests.

### Base URL

The base URL used for the Chat API is formatted as shown below:

```
https://api-{app_id}.sendbird.com/v3
```

{% hint style="info" %}
To learn more about how to use Sendbird Platform APIs, see [our guide](how-to-use-platform-api.md).
{% endhint %}

***

## How to use data exports

Sendbird AI Agent provides Platform API endpoints for requesting and monitoring data exports.

To export data:

1. Determine the data type and format you need.
2. Submit a request using the[ ](https://www.google.com/search?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pLCoojXLFt68feoNyHizOTmq0ILIFI9-RHiRk0XyH0U/edit?ouid=107831929562445704049\&tab=t.0#heading=h.co0w1rovqgyw)[Request a data export](data-export.md#request-a-data-export) endpoint. Note that processing time can vary depending on the data size.
3. Monitor the export\_status with the [Get data export details](data-export.md#get-data-export-details) endpoint. If its status is done, the response body will contain a download link. This link will be active for seven days after the file was created. For more information on its status, see the [Data export status](data-export.md#data-export-status) section below.

{% hint style="info" %}
The exports can retrieve data of the specified data type created within the requested time frame, up to seven days before the current date
{% endhint %}

***

## Data type

Sendbird AI agent supports data export on the following three topics: conversation, message, and daily analysis.

* **Conversation**: This provides detailed per-conversation metrics, encompassing the total count of AI agent messages, resolution duration, user sentiment, and additional data points. The following table lists properties included in the conversation data export.

<table><thead><tr><th width="255.30078125">Property</th><th width="100.3125">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>id</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the unique ID of each conversation.</td></tr><tr><td>channel_url</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the channel URL where the conversation took place.</td></tr><tr><td>start_ts</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the time when the conversation began, in unix milliseconds.</td></tr><tr><td>close_ts</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the time when the conversation ended, in unix milliseconds.</td></tr><tr><td>total_user_messages</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the total number of messages sent by the user.</td></tr><tr><td>total_ai_agent_responses</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the total number of AI agent messages on the specified day. This also includes AI-generated messages such as a loading message and hallucinations.</td></tr><tr><td>user_sentiment</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the emotion expressed in the user’s last message. Valid values are <code>positive</code>, <code>neutral</code>, and <code>negative</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>user_sentiment_comment</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the description of the user sentiment generated by Sendbird’s AI model.</td></tr><tr><td>csat_score</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies how the user rated the conversation, on a scale of 1 to 5, where 5 indicates a great experience.</td></tr><tr><td>resolution_resolved</td><td>bool</td><td>Indicates whether the conversation has been successfully resolved. When a conversion is ongoing or</td></tr><tr><td>resolution_resolved_by</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies who confirmed the conversation’s resolution. At the end of a conversation, users can confirm whether the AI agent resolved their issue. If they leave without confirmation, Sendbird’s AI model assesses and determines the status. Thus, valid values are <code>ai</code>, and <code>user</code>. This is applicable only when the <code>resolution_resolved</code> is <code>true</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>resolution_resolved_time</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies how long it took for the AI agent to resolve a user’s issue, measured from a user’s first message to the conversation’s resolution, in seconds. The resolution can be confirmed by either the user or Sendbird’s AI model.</td></tr><tr><td>resolution_unresovled_ai_handle_time</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies how long the AI agent assisted a user, measured from a user’s first message to when the conversation was either auto-closed without the user’s resolution confirmation or handed off to a human agent, in seconds. This is applicable only when the <code>resolution_resolved</code> value is <code>false</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>human_handoff</td><td>bool</td><td>Indicates whether the conversation was handed off to a human agent or not.</td></tr><tr><td>abandoned</td><td>bool</td><td>Indicates whether the user left the conversation without confirming its resolution. When a user fails to respond to the AI agent’s last message, a resolution confirmation message is sent to verify if their issue has been properly addressed. If the user still remains unresponsive for the set period, the conversation is considered abandoned.</td></tr><tr><td>revisit</td><td>bool</td><td>Indicates whether the user submitted an inquiry of the same category more than once within the past 24 hours.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_scorecard</td><td>JSON object</td><td>Specifies how an admin rated the AI agent’s performance in the conversation. It consists of four key-value pairs, each value of which is either <code>good</code> or <code>poor</code>. The admin can evaluate each conversation on the following four fields in Sendbird AI agent’s dashboard: <code>tone</code>, <code>readability</code>, <code>answer_relevancy</code>, and <code>solution_offered</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_scorecard.created_at</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the time when the scorecard has been submitted, in unix milliseconds.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_scorecard.scores</td><td>JSON object</td><td>Specifies the rate and reason for the score per criterion: <code>tone</code>, <code>readability</code>, <code>completeness</code>, <code>correctness</code>, <code>category</code>, <code>answer_relevancy</code>, and <code>solution_offered</code>.<br><br>* The <code>answer_relevancy</code> and <code>solution_offered</code> fields are set to <code>null</code> . They will be deprecated soon and superseded with <code>completeness</code> and <code>correctness</code>, respectively.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_scorecard.author</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the unique ID of the dashboard user who submitted the scorecard.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_scorecard.comment</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the overall feedback on the AI agent's response.</td></tr><tr><td>messages</td><td><p>JSON</p><p>object</p></td><td>Specifies the detailed information on each message exchanged in the conversation. See the table below for message objects’ properties.</td></tr><tr><td><del>country</del> (deprecated)</td><td><del>string</del></td><td><del>Specifies the country associated with the user's connection.</del><br><br>* This field is superseded by <code>ai_agent_context.country</code>.</td></tr><tr><td><del>language</del> (depredated)</td><td><del>string</del></td><td><del>Specifies the language that was spoken in the conversation.</del><br><br>* This field is superseded by <code>ai_agent_context.language</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>category</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the main topic of the conversation. Categories and subcategories must be pre-defined and provided to Sendbird in advance. Talk to our Sales for more information.</td></tr><tr><td>sub_category</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the sub-topic of the conversation. Categories and subcategories must be pre-defined and provided to Sendbird in advance. Talk to our Sales for more information.</td></tr><tr><td>user_id</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the unique ID of the user who initiated the conversation with the AI agent.</td></tr><tr><td>summary</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the brief summary of the conversation.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_context</td><td>JSON object</td><td>An object that contains the contextual information about the user.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_context.language</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the language that was spoken in the conversation.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_context.country</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the country associated with the user's connection.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_context.context</td><td>JSON object</td><td>An object that contains additional user-related data as <code>key-value</code> pairs.</td></tr></tbody></table>

* **Messages**: Conversation data exports will contain a `messages` object, listing all messages exchanged within the specified conversation. Each message object in the field provides a detailed look at individual messages with the following properties:

<table><thead><tr><th width="229.48046875">Property</th><th width="100.04296875">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>id</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the unique ID of the message.</td></tr><tr><td>create_ts</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the time when each message was sent, in unix milliseconds.</td></tr><tr><td>message_from</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies who sent the message. Valid values are <code>ai</code> for an AI agent, <code>user</code> for an end user, <code>human</code> for a human agent, and <code>system</code> for a system message.</td></tr><tr><td>message</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the actual messages sent by the user and AI agent.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_hallucination</td><td>bool</td><td>Indicates whether the message from the AI agent was a hallucination or not. This is applicable only when the <code>message_from</code> value is <code>ai</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_activity_trail_log</td><td>JSON object</td><td>A JSON object that contains information about the knowledge resources the AI agent referenced for its message. The AI agent can refer to multiple resources from <code>knowledge</code>, <code>tools</code>, and <code>actionbooks</code> to generate a single response. In that case, their <code>key</code> and <code>name</code> are contained as an object in this field.</td></tr><tr><td>user_flagged</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies which flag type the user message was screened for. This is applicable only when the <code>message_from</code> value is <code>user</code>. Valid values are <code>harmful_content</code>, <code>adversarial_attack</code>, <code>context_injection</code>, and <code>banned_phrases</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>flagged_reason</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the AI's rationale for flagging the message, explaining why it was detected as a hallucination or inappropriate content.</td></tr><tr><td>feedback</td><td>JSON object</td><td><p>A JSON object that contains information about the feedback on <a href="../dashboard-guide/integrations/sendbird-desk/ai-copilot.md">AI copilot </a>messages. While assisting an user, a human agent can tap into AI-powered features through AI copilot and rate the AI messages. The object has <code>rating</code> and <code>commment</code> fields.</p><ul><li><code>feedback.rating</code>: the AI response can be rated either <code>good</code> or <code>bad</code>.</li><li><code>feedback.comment</code>: a comment left by the agent.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

* **Daily analysis**: This contains a daily overview of the AI agent’s performance, encompassing its average resolution rate, average CSAT ratings, and more. The following table lists properties included in the daily analysis data export.

<table><thead><tr><th width="259.9453125">Property</th><th width="100.28125">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>date</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the date when each data set was aggregated, in <code>YYYY-MM-DD</code> format.</td></tr><tr><td>total_number_of_conversations</td><td>float</td><td>Specifies the total number of conversations that took place on the specified day.</td></tr><tr><td>number_of_user_message</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the total number of user messages on the specified day.</td></tr><tr><td>number_of_ai_message</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the total number of AI agent messages on the specified day. This also includes AI-generated messages such as a loading message and hallucinations.</td></tr><tr><td>average_csat_scores</td><td>float</td><td>Specifies the average CSAT score on the specified day.</td></tr><tr><td>average_resolution_time</td><td>float</td><td>Specifies the average time it took for the AI agent to resolve a user’s issue on the specified day, in seconds.</td></tr><tr><td>human_handoff_rate</td><td>float</td><td>Specifies the percentage of conversations that were handed off to a human agent out of the total conversations involving the AI agent on the specified day.</td></tr><tr><td>resolution_rate</td><td>float</td><td>Specifies the percentage of conversations that the AI agent resolved out of the total conversations involving the AI agent on the specified day.</td></tr><tr><td>abandonment_rate</td><td>float</td><td>Specifies the percentage of conversations that a user left without confirming resolution out of the total conversations involving the AI agent on the specified day.</td></tr><tr><td>revisit_rate</td><td>float</td><td>Specifies the percentage of conversations where a user submitted an inquiry of the same category more than once on the specified day.</td></tr></tbody></table>

***

## Data export format

Upon completion, data exports will be available for download as a JSON file at a URL provided in the [response body](data-export.md#get-data-export-details). Sample data exports for each data type are shown below.

### Conversation

<pre class="language-json"><code class="lang-json">[
  {
    "id": 364,
    "channel_url": "sendbird_group_channel_124928_9228048ed7829722c64e8e42860f4fbb0afbe5b2",
    "start_ts": 1745455474681,
    "close_ts": 1745455553531,
    "total_user_message": 8,
    "total_ai_agent_responses": 12,
    "user_sentiment": "positive",
    "user_sentiment_comment": "User expressed gratitude and satisfaction after AI agent provided a suitable solution to their issue.",
    "csat_score": 3,
    "resolution_resolved": true,
    "resolution_resolved_by": "user",
    "resolution_resolved_time": 79,
    "resolution_unresolved_ai_handle_time": null,
    "human_handoff": false,
    "abandoned": false,
    "revisit": true,
    "ai_agent_scorecard": {
      "created_at": 1735494211768,
      "scores": {
        "tone": {
          "score":"good"
          },
        "readability": {
          "score":"poor", 
          "reason": {
            "id": 1,
            "message": "Responses are too long"
            }
          },
        "solution_offered": {
          "score":"poor", 
          "reason":{
            "id": 0, 
            "message": "the response partially addressed the user's pain point"
            }
         }
      },
      "author": 12389044,
      "comment": "test"
    },
    "messages": [
      {
        "id": 1,
        "create_ts": 1745455474681,
        "message_from": "ai",
        "message": "May I have your order number?",
        "ai_hallucination": null,
        "ai_activity_trail_log": {
          "knowledge": [
<strong>            {
</strong>              "key": "knowledge-9811",
              "name": "Refund policy during sales"
            }
          ],
          "tools": [
            {
              "key": "manual-2wSrElzSE7SI",
              "name": "[Final] Plans &#x26; Prices Inquiry"
<strong>            },
</strong>            {
              "key": "manual-fg2dfafda33",
              "name": "First-time customer retention measures"
            }
          ]
        },  
        "user_flagged": "",
        "feedback": null
      },
      ... // More message objects
    ],
<strong>    "ai_agent_context": {
</strong><strong>      "country": null,
</strong><strong>      "language": "en-GB",
</strong><strong>      "context": {"memberSrl": "user124643", "orderId": "abc125123"}
</strong>    },
    "category": "Return",
    "sub_category": "Partial refund"
  },
  ... // More conversations
]
</code></pre>

### Daily analysis

<pre class="language-json"><code class="lang-json">[
  {
<strong>    "date": "2025-04-01",
</strong>    "total_number_of_conversations": 20,
<strong>    "number_of_user_message": 10,
</strong>    "number_of_ai_message": 9,
    "average_csat_scores": 4.3,
    "average_resolution_time": 48.8,
    "human_handoff_rate": 0.05,
    "resolution_rate": 0.5,
    "abandonment_rate": 0.01,
    "revisit_rate": 0.02
  },
  {
    "date": "2025-04-02",
    ... // More metrics
  },
  ... // More daliy analysis
]
</code></pre>

***

## Data export status

Once a request is submitted, you can monitor the data export status through the [Get data export details](data-export.md#get-data-export-details) API. The response will include one of the following five types of export statuses in the export\_status field:

* `scheduled`: Your export request has been scheduled and will begin processing soon.
* `exporting`: Data is currently being exported.
* `done`: The data export is complete. To obtain a download link for a zip file containing your results, make a[ ](https://www.google.com/search?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pLCoojXLFt68feoNyHizOTmq0ILIFI9-RHiRk0XyH0U/edit?ouid=107831929562445704049\&tab=t.0#heading=h.o5ujx0pxshco)[Get data export details](data-export.md#get-data-export-details) call. Once this call is made, the download link will be provided in the response body.
* `no_data`: No data matches your request criteria.
* `failed`: The server encountered an error while processing your request.

***

## Request a data export

This endpoint allows you to request a data export.

### API specification

#### **HTTP request**

```http
POST https://api-{application_id}.sendbird.com/v3/ai_agent/data_exports/
```

### **Request body**

<table><thead><tr><th width="190.23828125">Required</th><th width="129.72265625">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>type</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the target data to export. Acceptable values are <code>conversation</code> and <code>daily_analysis</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_id</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the unique ID of the AI agent to export the data for.</td></tr><tr><td>from</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the start date for the target data’s creation period in <code>YYYY-MM-DD</code> format. You can request data up to seven days before the current date.</td></tr><tr><td>to</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the end date for the target data’s creation period in <code>YYYY-MM-DD</code> format.</td></tr><tr><td>timezone</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the time zone used for data export, in <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones">tz identifier</a> format. Regardless of your location, the time frame for the data will be aligned with the specified time zone.</td></tr><tr><td>export_format</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the format of the data export. An acceptable value is <code>json</code> only at this moment.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### **Response**

If successful, this action returns data export details in the response body like the following:

```json
{
    "created_at": 1747174853,
    "updated_at": 1747174853,
    "app_id": "a245389gje349rt3429992Op",
    "ai_agent_id": "ai_agent_cx",
    "type": "conversation",
    "from": "2025-04-01",
    "to": "2025-04-07",
    "timezone": "America/New_York",
    "export_id": "1ed107739a77414",
    "export_status": "scheduled",
    "export_format": "json",
    "export_started_at": null,
    "export_ended_at": null,
    "export_elapsed": 0
}
```

***

## List data export requests

This endpoint allows you to get a list of data exports you’ve requested.

### API specification

#### **HTTP request**

```http
GET https://api-{application_id}.sendbird.com/v3/ai_agent/data_exports
```

#### **Query parameters**

<table><thead><tr><th width="180.26171875">Required</th><th width="130.1171875">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>type</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the target data to export. Acceptable values are <code>conversation</code> and <code>daily_analysis</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>ai_agent_id</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the unique ID of the AI agent you’ve requested data exports for.</td></tr><tr><td>export_from_ts</td><td>long</td><td>Specifies the start date for the data export requests, in <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time">Unix milliseconds</a> format.</td></tr><tr><td>export_to_ts</td><td>long</td><td>Specifies the end date for the data export requests, in <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time">Unix milliseconds</a> format.</td></tr><tr><td>export_status</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the status of data export requests to include in the results. Acceptable values are <code>scheduled</code>, <code>exporting</code>, <code>done</code>, <code>no_data</code>, and <code>failed</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>limit</td><td>int</td><td>Specifies the number of results to return per page. Acceptable values are <code>1</code> to <code>100</code>, inclusive.</td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><thead><tr><th width="180.38671875">Optional</th><th width="129.9140625">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>token</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies a page token that indicates the starting index of the next chunk of results to retrieve. If not specified, the index is set as 0.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### **Response**

If successful, this action returns a list of data export requests in the response body like the following:

<pre class="language-json"><code class="lang-json">{
<strong>  "items": [
</strong>    {
      "created_at": 1747174853,
      "updated_at": 1747174973,
      "app_id": "a245389gje349rt3429992Op",
      "type": "daily_analysis",
      "ai_agent_id": "ai_agent_cx",
      "from": "2025-01-01",
<strong>      "to": "2025-01-07",
</strong>      "export_id": "1ed107739a77414",
      "export_status": "done",
      "export_format": "json",
      "export_started_at": 1741383383000,
      "export_ended_at": 1741383443000,
      "export_elapsed": 60,
      "export_file": {
        "url": "https://sendbird-us-1.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/c14899fb9539453.zip?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&#x26;X-Amz-Expires=604800&#x26;X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&#x26;X-Amz-Signature=decd2b8870da04168304d41c087ef373a11ac6cf2c4a4e9f1ed22f17717d837d&#x26;X-Amz-Date=20250108T014509Z&#x26;X-Amz-Credential=AKIAJMXOUSBABZBO45LA%2F20181210%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request",
        "expires_at": 1742074643000
      }
    },
    {
      "created_at": 1747174853,
      "updated_at": 1747174973,
      "app_id": "a245389gje349rt3429992Op",
      "type": "conversation",
      "ai_agent_id": "ai_agent_cx",
      "from": "2025-04-01",
      "to": "2025-04-01",
      "export_id": "1ed107739a77414",
      "export_status": "done",
      "export_format": "json",
      "export_started_at": 1743543503000,
      "export_ended_at": 1743543623000,
      "export_elapsed": 120,
      "export_file": {
        "url": "https://sendbird-us-1.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/c174699fb9539453.zip?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&#x26;X-Amz-Expires=604800&#x26;X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&#x26;X-Amz-Signature=decd2b8870da04168304d41c087ef373a11ac6cf2c4a4e9f1ed22f17717d837d&#x26;X-Amz-Date=20250402T014509Z&#x26;X-Amz-Credential=AKIAJMXOUSBABZBO45LA%2F20181210%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request",
        "expires_at": 1744148423000
      }
<strong>   },    
</strong>   {
<strong>      "created_at": 1747174853,
</strong>      "updated_at": 1747174853,
      "app_id": "a245389gje349rt3429992Op",
      "type": "conversation",
      "ai_agent_id": "ai_agent_cx",
      "from": "2025-04-11",
      "to": "2025-04-12",
      "export_id": "1ed107739a77414",
      "export_status": "scheduled",
      "export_format": "json",
      "export_started_at": null,
      "export_ended_at": null,
      "export_elapsed": 0,
      "export_file": null
    }
  ],
  "prev": null,
  "next": "a1cc2fff8e8395f58c333e11de5acfe0"
}
</code></pre>

## Get data export details

This endpoint allows you to retrieve detailed information from a data export. Once the data export is complete, the response body will contain a download link for your JSON file, which is valid for seven days from the file creation.

### API specification

#### **HTTP request**

```http
GET https://api-{application_id}.sendbird.com/v3/ai_agent/data_exports
```

#### **Path parameters**

<table><thead><tr><th width="190.28515625">Required</th><th width="130.52734375">Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>export_id</td><td>string</td><td>Specifies the unique ID of the data export request.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### **Response**

If successful, this action returns the data export information in the response body like the following:

<pre class="language-json"><code class="lang-json">{
<strong>  "created_at": 1747174853,
</strong>  "updated_at": 1747174973,
  "app_id": "a245389gje349rt3429992Op",
  "type": "conversation",
  "ai_agent_id": "ai_agent_cx",
<strong>  "from": "2025-01-01",
</strong>  "to": "2025-01-07",
  "export_id": "1ed107739a77414",
  "export_status": "done",
  "export_format": "json",
  "export_started_at": 1544367600000,
  "export_ended_at": 1544453999000,
  "export_elapsed": 60,
  "export_file": {
    "url": "https://sendbird-us-1.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/c5479fb965749453.zip?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&#x26;X-Amz-Expires=604800&#x26;X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&#x26;X-Amz-Signature=decd2b8870da04168304d41c087ef373a11ac6cf2c4a4e9f1ed22f17717d837d&#x26;X-Amz-Date=20181210T014509Z&#x26;X-Amz-Credential=AKIAJMXOUSBABZBO45LA%2F20181210%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request",
    "expires_at": 1549506234580
  }
}
</code></pre>

{% hint style="info" %}
The `file` field is available only when `export_status` is `done`. If its status isn’t `done`, it will return an error.
{% endhint %}
