android/README.md, before:

[iOS](https://github.com/sendbird/sendbird-ai-agent/blob/main/ios/README.md) / **Android** / [JS](https://github.com/sendbird/sendbird-ai-agent/blob/main/js/README.md)

# Sendbird AI Agent Quickstart guide (Android)

The **Sendbird AI Agent Messenger** allows seamless integration of chatbot features into your Android application. Follow the steps below to initialize and utilize the SDK effectively.

- [Sendbird AI Agent Quickstart guide (Android)](#sendbird-ai-agent-quickstart-guide-android)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Getting started](#getting-started)
    - [Step 1. Create a new project](#step-1-create-a-new-project)
    - [Step 2. Install AI Agent SDK](#step-2-install-ai-agent-sdk)
    - [Step 3. Initialize AI Agent SDK](#step-3-initialize-ai-agent-sdk)
  - [Running your application](#running-your-application)
    - [Manage user sessions](#manage-user-sessions)
    - [Handle session expiration](#handle-session-expiration)
    - [Launch the messenger](#launch-the-messenger)
  - [Advanced features](#advanced-features)
    - [Update SDK theme](#update-sdk-theme)
    - [Deauthenticate and clear session](#deauthenticate-and-clear-session)

## Requirements

The minimum requirements for AI Agent for Android are the following.

- Android 5.0 (API level 21) or higher
- Java 11 or higher
- Android Gradle plugin 8.0.0 or higher
- Android ViewBinding enabled

## Prerequisites

Before you start, you'll need your Sendbird **Application ID** and **AI Agent ID**. 
<br><br/>
You can find it under the **Channels** > **Messenger** menu on the Sendbird Dashboard.

![ai-agent-app-id-agent-id](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/37d2873e-f35d-45dd-97cc-3d7c7e638a0c)

---

## Getting started

Quickly install and initalize the AI Agent SDK by following the steps below.

### Step 1. Create a new project

1. In Android Studio, create a new project (**File > New > New Project...**).
2. Select **Empty Views Activity** and click **Next**.

![ai-agent-android-empty-activity](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d34eee4c-36e4-441b-8b72-3a7c3592bece)

3. Give your project a name. Accept all other defaults, including the language as `Kotlin` and the minimum SDK as `API 21: Android 5.0 (Lollipop)` and click **Finish**.

![ai-agent-android-new-project](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/630ceccf-d2db-4edb-bb93-109770965a13)

### Step 2. Install AI Agent SDK

Install AI Agent SDK for Android using Gradle by following the steps below.

#### Configuring repository

Add the following to your `settings.gradle.kts` (Project Settings) file:

```kotlin
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    repositories {
        maven { setUrl("https://repo.sendbird.com/public/maven") }
    }
}
```
**Note:** You should be using Gradle 8.0 or higher. You can check the `gradle-wrapper.properties` file in your project to see the version of Gradle you are using.

#### Adding dependency

Add the dependency to your `build.gradle.kts` (Module) file:

```kotlin
plugins {
    id("com.android.application")
    id("org.jetbrains.kotlin.android")
}

android {
    buildFeatures {
        viewBinding = true
    }
    compileOptions {
        sourceCompatibility = JavaVersion.VERSION_11
        targetCompatibility = JavaVersion.VERSION_11
    }
    kotlinOptions {
        jvmTarget = "11"
    }
}

dependencies {
    implementation("com.sendbird.sdk:ai-agent-messenger:1.+")
}
```

Then, click **'Sync Now'** in the Gradle toolbar to apply all changes.

### Step 3. Initialize AI Agent SDK

To properly integrate and initialize Sendbird AI Agent in your Android project, [create](#how-to-create-the-application-file) and add the following code to your `Application` class file.

```kotlin
import android.app.Application
import com.sendbird.android.exception.SendbirdException
import com.sendbird.sdk.aiagent.messenger.AIAgentMessenger
import com.sendbird.sdk.aiagent.messenger.consts.MessengerThemeMode
import com.sendbird.sdk.aiagent.messenger.interfaces.MessengerInitResultHandler
import com.sendbird.sdk.aiagent.messenger.model.MessengerInitParams

internal const val APP_ID = "YOUR_APP_ID"

class AgentApplication : Application(), MessengerInitResultHandler {
    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()
        AIAgentMessenger.initialize(MessengerInitParams(
            context = applicationContext,
            appId = APP_ID,
            theme = MessengerThemeMode.Light,
            initForeground = false,
            initResultHandler = this
        ))
    }

    override fun onInitSuccess() {
        // SDK initialized successfully
        // You need to call `AIAgentMessenger.updateSessionInfo()` here if user session info already exists.
    }

    override fun onInitFailure(e: SendbirdException) {
        // Handle initialization error
    }

    override fun onMigrationStarted() {
        // Migration started
    }
}
```

To ensure that your `AgentApplication` class is used as the application class, you need to register it in the AndroidManifest.xml file.
```xml
<application
    android:name=".AgentApplication"
>
</application>
```

#### How to create the Application file

1. Open Android Studio and navigate to your project.
2. In the left side bar, locate the **app** module.
3. Right-click on the java or kotlin folder (depending on the language of your project).
4. Select **New > Kotlin File/Class**.
5. In the dialog that appears, select **Class** and name it `AgentApplication`.
6. Then, add the code above to your `AgentApplication.kt` file.
   
---

## Running your application

Now that you have installed and initialized the AI Agent SDK, follow the steps below to run your application.

### Manage user sessions
    
To use the SDK, session information is required.  
Before using `AIAgentMessenger`, you must set the session information for the application user issued by Sendbird.

#### When to set the session information:
  
1. **Upon initial login:**  
Since there is no session information for the user at the first login, it should be set immediately after app login.

2. **For already logged-in users:**  
If the user is already logged in, the session should be registered immediately after SDK initialization.

    ```kotlin
    val userSessionInfo = UserSessionInfo(userId, authToken, AbstractSessionHandler())
    AIAgentMessenger.updateSessionInfo(userSessionInfo)
    ```
    > SessionHandler is the handler used when a session expires or needs to be renewed. See [next guide](#handle-session-expiration) for instructions on how to use it.
     
### Handle session expiration

When registering a session information, the provided session handler must handle the case where the session information expires.  
Follow the code below to refresh and provide a new session token in the session handler callback.

#### How to handle session expiration:
     
1. Detect session expiration in the session handler callback.
2. Request a new session token from the server.
3. Update the SDK with the new session token.
   
    ```kotlin
    class AbstractSessionHandler : AIAgentSessionHandler() {
        override fun onSessionClosed() {
            // go to login page
        }

        override fun onSessionTokenRequired(sessionTokenRequester: SessionTokenRequester) {
            // Request a new session token from the server
            fetchNewSessionToken { newToken ->
                // Update the SDK with the new session token
                sessionTokenRequester.onSuccess(newToken)
            }
        }
    }
    ```

### Launch the messenger

#### Before You Start
- Was `onInitSuccess` received via MessengerInitResultHandler after invoking `AIAgentMessenger.initialize()`?
- `AIAgentMessenger.updateSessionInfo()` been called with the user session information

Once the authentication information has been successfully registered, you can launch the messenger to start a conversation with the ai agent.

There are two ways to display the messenger:
    
1. Using the launcher button
2. Opening the conversation channel in full-screen mode

>__Note__: Replace `your_ai_agent_id` with your AI agent ID which you can obtain from the Sendbird Dashboard. To learn how do to so, refer to the [prerequisites](#prerequisites) section.

#### 1. Using the launcher button

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74eea8d0-a984-4fb9-9c35-299b6b35b283)

The SDK provides the `MessengerLauncher` view, which can be easily attached to your application's root view programmatically without directly adding it to XML layouts.

To add the MessengerLauncher to your screen, simply call the `attach()` function of `MessengerLauncher`, specifying the AI agent ID and configuration parameters:

```kotlin
val params = LauncherLayoutParams(
    LaunchMode.ANCHORED,
    LauncherMargin(12, 12, 12, 12),
    LauncherLocation.BOTTOM_END
)

MessengerLauncher(this, it, params).attach()
```

- `LauncherLayoutParams` allows you to configure the MessengerLauncher’s behavior and appearance:
    - **`launchMode`**:
        - `EXPANDED`: Opens the messenger in full-screen mode with predefined margins.
        - `ANCHORED`: Opens the messenger anchored near the launcher button, with adjustable positioning.

    - **`margin`**: Defines the margin around the launcher button itself (does not affect the messenger window).

    - **`location`**: Determines which corner of the screen the launcher will appear in. Available options are:
        - `TOP_START`
        - `TOP_END`
        - `BOTTOM_START`
        - `BOTTOM_END`

#### 2. Opening the conversation channel in full-screen mode

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/348ccad1-ec9a-4851-9324-084eaf569e34)
    
You can open a full-screen conversation by starting an `Activity`.  
    
```kotlin
startActivity(ConversationActivity.newIntent(context, "your_ai_agent_id"))
```

---

## Advanced features

The following are available advanced features.

### Update SDK theme

You can update the SDK's color scheme to match your app's theme as shown below.
    
```kotlin
AIAgentMessenger.setThemeMode(themeMode) // Options: MessengerThemeMode.Dark, MessengerThemeMode.Light
```

Since apps may allow users to switch themes manually or follow the device's settings, theme updates need to be explicitly called.


### Deauthenticate and clear session

When the user logs out of your app, de-authenticate the SDK to clear session data and disconnect.

```kotlin
AIAgentMessenger.deauthenticate()
```


### Passing context object to Agent

You can predefine customer-specific information such as country, language, or other custom context data to guide the AI Agent in providing faster and more accurate responses.

This allows for a more personalized and context-aware interaction experience.

> Once the contexts are set, they will be used throughout the conversation to provide personalized and context-aware responses.

```kotlin
AIAgentMessenger.metadata.message.contextObject.put("key1", "value1")
AIAgentMessenger.metadata.message.contextObject.putAll(
    mapOf(
        "key1" to "value1",
        "key2" to "value2"
    )
)
AIAgentMessenger.metadata.message.contextObject.remove("key1")
AIAgentMessenger.metadata.message.contextObject.clear()
```

Commit message:

updated context object, language, and countryCode sample added TOC

android/README.md, after:

[iOS](https://github.com/sendbird/sendbird-ai-agent/blob/main/ios/README.md) / **Android** / [JS](https://github.com/sendbird/sendbird-ai-agent/blob/main/js/README.md)

# Sendbird AI Agent Quickstart guide (Android)

The **Sendbird AI Agent Messenger** allows seamless integration of chatbot features into your Android application. Follow the steps below to initialize and utilize the SDK effectively.

- [Sendbird AI Agent Quickstart guide (Android)](#sendbird-ai-agent-quickstart-guide-android)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Getting started](#getting-started)
    - [Step 1. Create a new project](#step-1-create-a-new-project)
    - [Step 2. Install AI Agent SDK](#step-2-install-ai-agent-sdk)
    - [Step 3. Initialize AI Agent SDK](#step-3-initialize-ai-agent-sdk)
  - [Running your application](#running-your-application)
    - [Manage user sessions](#manage-user-sessions)
    - [Handle session expiration](#handle-session-expiration)
    - [Launch the messenger](#launch-the-messenger)
  - [Advanced features](#advanced-features)
    - [Update SDK theme](#update-sdk-theme)
    - [Deauthenticate and clear session](#deauthenticate-and-clear-session)
    - [Passing context object to Agent](#passing-context-object-to-agent)

## Requirements

The minimum requirements for AI Agent for Android are the following.

- Android 5.0 (API level 21) or higher
- Java 11 or higher
- Android Gradle plugin 8.0.0 or higher
- Android ViewBinding enabled

## Prerequisites

Before you start, you'll need your Sendbird **Application ID** and **AI Agent ID**. 
<br><br/>
You can find it under the **Channels** > **Messenger** menu on the Sendbird Dashboard.

![ai-agent-app-id-agent-id](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/37d2873e-f35d-45dd-97cc-3d7c7e638a0c)

---

## Getting started

Quickly install and initalize the AI Agent SDK by following the steps below.

### Step 1. Create a new project

1. In Android Studio, create a new project (**File > New > New Project...**).
2. Select **Empty Views Activity** and click **Next**.

![ai-agent-android-empty-activity](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d34eee4c-36e4-441b-8b72-3a7c3592bece)

3. Give your project a name. Accept all other defaults, including the language as `Kotlin` and the minimum SDK as `API 21: Android 5.0 (Lollipop)` and click **Finish**.

![ai-agent-android-new-project](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/630ceccf-d2db-4edb-bb93-109770965a13)

### Step 2. Install AI Agent SDK

Install AI Agent SDK for Android using Gradle by following the steps below.

#### Configuring repository

Add the following to your `settings.gradle.kts` (Project Settings) file:

```kotlin
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    repositories {
        maven { setUrl("https://repo.sendbird.com/public/maven") }
    }
}
```
**Note:** You should be using Gradle 8.0 or higher. You can check the `gradle-wrapper.properties` file in your project to see the version of Gradle you are using.

#### Adding dependency

Add the dependency to your `build.gradle.kts` (Module) file:

```kotlin
plugins {
    id("com.android.application")
    id("org.jetbrains.kotlin.android")
}

android {
    buildFeatures {
        viewBinding = true
    }
    compileOptions {
        sourceCompatibility = JavaVersion.VERSION_11
        targetCompatibility = JavaVersion.VERSION_11
    }
    kotlinOptions {
        jvmTarget = "11"
    }
}

dependencies {
    implementation("com.sendbird.sdk:ai-agent-messenger:1.+")
}
```

Then, click **'Sync Now'** in the Gradle toolbar to apply all changes.

### Step 3. Initialize AI Agent SDK

To properly integrate and initialize Sendbird AI Agent in your Android project, [create](#how-to-create-the-application-file) and add the following code to your `Application` class file.

```kotlin
import android.app.Application
import com.sendbird.android.exception.SendbirdException
import com.sendbird.sdk.aiagent.messenger.AIAgentMessenger
import com.sendbird.sdk.aiagent.messenger.consts.MessengerThemeMode
import com.sendbird.sdk.aiagent.messenger.interfaces.MessengerInitResultHandler
import com.sendbird.sdk.aiagent.messenger.model.MessengerInitParams

internal const val APP_ID = "YOUR_APP_ID"

class AgentApplication : Application(), MessengerInitResultHandler {
    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()
        AIAgentMessenger.initialize(MessengerInitParams(
            context = applicationContext,
            appId = APP_ID,
            theme = MessengerThemeMode.Light,
            initForeground = false,
            initResultHandler = this
        ))
    }

    override fun onInitSuccess() {
        // SDK initialized successfully
        // You need to call `AIAgentMessenger.updateSessionInfo()` here if user session info already exists.
    }

    override fun onInitFailure(e: SendbirdException) {
        // Handle initialization error
    }

    override fun onMigrationStarted() {
        // Migration started
    }
}
```

To ensure that your `AgentApplication` class is used as the application class, you need to register it in the AndroidManifest.xml file.
```xml
<application
    android:name=".AgentApplication"
>
</application>
```

#### How to create the Application file

1. Open Android Studio and navigate to your project.
2. In the left side bar, locate the **app** module.
3. Right-click on the java or kotlin folder (depending on the language of your project).
4. Select **New > Kotlin File/Class**.
5. In the dialog that appears, select **Class** and name it `AgentApplication`.
6. Then, add the code above to your `AgentApplication.kt` file.
   
---

## Running your application

Now that you have installed and initialized the AI Agent SDK, follow the steps below to run your application.

### Manage user sessions
    
To use the SDK, session information is required.  
Before using `AIAgentMessenger`, you must set the session information for the application user issued by Sendbird.

#### When to set the session information:
  
1. **Upon initial login:**  
Since there is no session information for the user at the first login, it should be set immediately after app login.

2. **For already logged-in users:**  
If the user is already logged in, the session should be registered immediately after SDK initialization.

    ```kotlin
    val userSessionInfo = UserSessionInfo(userId, authToken, AbstractSessionHandler())
    AIAgentMessenger.updateSessionInfo(userSessionInfo)
    ```
    > SessionHandler is the handler used when a session expires or needs to be renewed. See [next guide](#handle-session-expiration) for instructions on how to use it.
     
### Handle session expiration

When registering a session information, the provided session handler must handle the case where the session information expires.  
Follow the code below to refresh and provide a new session token in the session handler callback.

#### How to handle session expiration:
     
1. Detect session expiration in the session handler callback.
2. Request a new session token from the server.
3. Update the SDK with the new session token.
   
    ```kotlin
    class AbstractSessionHandler : AIAgentSessionHandler() {
        override fun onSessionClosed() {
            // go to login page
        }

        override fun onSessionTokenRequired(sessionTokenRequester: SessionTokenRequester) {
            // Request a new session token from the server
            fetchNewSessionToken { newToken ->
                // Update the SDK with the new session token
                sessionTokenRequester.onSuccess(newToken)
            }
        }
    }
    ```

### Launch the messenger

#### Before You Start
- Was `onInitSuccess` received via MessengerInitResultHandler after invoking `AIAgentMessenger.initialize()`?
- `AIAgentMessenger.updateSessionInfo()` been called with the user session information

Once the authentication information has been successfully registered, you can launch the messenger to start a conversation with the ai agent.

There are two ways to display the messenger:
    
1. Using the launcher button
2. Opening the conversation channel in full-screen mode

>__Note__: Replace `your_ai_agent_id` with your AI agent ID which you can obtain from the Sendbird Dashboard. To learn how do to so, refer to the [prerequisites](#prerequisites) section.

#### 1. Using the launcher button

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74eea8d0-a984-4fb9-9c35-299b6b35b283)

The SDK provides the `MessengerLauncher` view, which can be easily attached to your application's root view programmatically without directly adding it to XML layouts.

To add the MessengerLauncher to your screen, simply call the `attach()` function of `MessengerLauncher`, specifying the AI agent ID and configuration parameters:

```kotlin
val params = LauncherLayoutParams(
    LaunchMode.ANCHORED,
    LauncherMargin(12, 12, 12, 12),
    LauncherLocation.BOTTOM_END
)

MessengerLauncher(this, it, params).attach()
```

- `LauncherLayoutParams` allows you to configure the MessengerLauncher’s behavior and appearance:
    - **`launchMode`**:
        - `EXPANDED`: Opens the messenger in full-screen mode with predefined margins.
        - `ANCHORED`: Opens the messenger anchored near the launcher button, with adjustable positioning.

    - **`margin`**: Defines the margin around the launcher button itself (does not affect the messenger window).

    - **`location`**: Determines which corner of the screen the launcher will appear in. Available options are:
        - `TOP_START`
        - `TOP_END`
        - `BOTTOM_START`
        - `BOTTOM_END`

#### 2. Opening the conversation channel in full-screen mode

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/348ccad1-ec9a-4851-9324-084eaf569e34)
    
You can open a full-screen conversation by starting an `Activity`.  
    
```kotlin
startActivity(ConversationActivity.newIntent(context, "your_ai_agent_id"))
```

---

## Advanced features

The following are available advanced features.

### Update SDK theme

You can update the SDK's color scheme to match your app's theme as shown below.
    
```kotlin
AIAgentMessenger.setThemeMode(themeMode) // Options: MessengerThemeMode.Dark, MessengerThemeMode.Light
```

Since apps may allow users to switch themes manually or follow the device's settings, theme updates need to be explicitly called.


### Deauthenticate and clear session

When the user logs out of your app, de-authenticate the SDK to clear session data and disconnect.

```kotlin
AIAgentMessenger.deauthenticate()
```


### Passing context object to Agent

You can predefine customer-specific information such as country, language, or other custom context data to guide the AI Agent in providing faster and more accurate responses. 

This allows for a more personalized and context-aware interaction experience.

> Once the contexts are set, they will be used throughout the conversation to provide personalized and context-aware responses.

```kotlin
AIAgentMessenger.metadata.language = "en-US" // default: Locale.getDefault().toLanguageTag()
AIAgentMessenger.metadata.countryCode = "US" // default: Locale.getDefault().country

AIAgentMessenger.metadata.message.contextObject.put("key1", "value1")
AIAgentMessenger.metadata.message.contextObject.putAll(
    mapOf(
        "key1" to "value1",
        "key2" to "value2"
    )
)
AIAgentMessenger.metadata.message.contextObject.remove("key1")
AIAgentMessenger.metadata.message.contextObject.clear()
```
