js/cdn/sample/README.md, before:

# Sendbird AI Agent CDN Sample

This is a basic HTML/TypeScript application demonstrating how to integrate the Sendbird AI Agent Messenger using the CDN script.

## Features

- TypeScript + Vite setup
- CDN-based AI Agent Messenger integration
- User authentication example
- Context configuration example
- Manual messenger controls
- Unit tests with Vitest
- Environment variable support

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

2. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

3. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:5173

## Usage

- The messenger will initialize automatically when the page loads
- Click "Open Messenger" to open the AI agent chat
- Enable "Use authenticated session" to test with user authentication
- Enable "Include context" to provide additional context to the AI agent

## Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file for your own credentials:

```
VITE_APP_ID=your_app_id
VITE_AI_AGENT_ID=your_ai_agent_id
```

## Testing

Run unit tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

## Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist` directory.

## Preview Production Build

```bash
npm run preview
```

## Key Differences from React Integration

- Uses CDN script loading instead of npm packages
- Direct DOM manipulation approach
- Can be embedded in any HTML page

Commit message:

Transform both React and CDN samples into interactive playgrounds
## Core Changes
- Replace Prism.js CDN with npm devDependency in React sample
- Refactor monolithic main.ts into modular architecture:
  - Split 400+ line main.ts into focused modules (constants, ui, messenger, utils)
  - Create paired CSS files for each module (layout.css, tabs.css, controls.css, etc.)
  - Organize code into logical directories: constants/, ui/, messenger/, utils/
- Extract Prism loading logic into reusable custom hook (usePrismHighlighting)
- Remove overly detailed Component Architecture section from React README

## Code Quality Improvements
- Fix unnecessary condition in CDN test dispatchEvent mock
- Resolve TypeScript type conflicts and build errors
- Apply consistent code formatting with Prettier
- Maintain all existing functionality while improving code organization
- All unit tests continue to pass (React: 5/5, CDN: 3/3)

## Architecture Benefits
- Better separation of concerns and maintainability
- Modular CSS structure reducing file bloat
- Reusable custom hooks improving code reuse
- Clear module boundaries and responsibilities
- Enhanced developer experience and readability

js/cdn/sample/README.md, after:

# Sendbird AI Agent CDN Interactive Playground

This is an interactive HTML/TypeScript playground demonstrating how to integrate the Sendbird AI Agent Messenger using the CDN script.

## Features

- TypeScript + Vite setup
- Interactive playground with live code generation
- CDN-based AI Agent Messenger integration
- Real-time configuration controls
- Context configuration with custom JSON input
- Runtime context updates via patchContext API
- Multi-language support
- Authentication examples
- Code examples with syntax highlighting
- Unit tests with Vitest
- Environment variable support

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

2. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

3. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:5173

## Usage

### Interactive Playground Tab

- Configure messenger settings using the controls on the left:
  - **Authentication**: Toggle user session authentication
  - **Language**: Select from multiple supported languages
  - **Context**: Choose from presets or create custom JSON context
  - **Runtime Updates**: Enable real-time context patching without resetting
- View dynamically generated HTML/JavaScript code based on your configuration
- Click the messenger launcher (bottom-right) to interact with the AI agent
- Monitor runtime context updates in real-time

### Code Examples Tab

- Browse various integration examples:
  - Basic CDN setup
  - Authenticated sessions
  - Context configuration
  - Runtime updates
  - Multi-language support
- Copy code snippets for use in your own projects

## Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file for your own credentials:

```
VITE_APP_ID=your_app_id
VITE_AI_AGENT_ID=your_ai_agent_id
```

## Testing

Run unit tests:

```bash
npm run test
```

## Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist` directory.

## Preview Production Build

```bash
npm run preview
```

## Key Differences from React Integration

- Uses CDN script loading instead of npm packages
- Direct DOM manipulation approach
- Can be embedded in any HTML page
